CONSENT TO PROVIDE DIAGNOSTIC AND USAGE DATA

Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., and its affiliates (“Samsung”) would like your help in improving the quality and performance of its products and services. Your device includes diagnostic software that may, with your consent, automatically collect diagnostic and usage data from your device. Diagnostic software may send this data to Samsung for statistical analysis in order to improve product and service quality, resolve any security issues, and track and address unexpected shutdowns or system errors, as these problems may be caused by the way you use your device and the applications (both preloaded and downloaded) on your device. Diagnostic and usage data collected by Samsung may include information on how you use your device (including connection status, charging status, setting status (such as display and power settings), device model name and build number, Sales Code, IP address, etc.) and how you use your applications (including frequency and duration of use, setting status, memory and battery usage, log data, etc.). Since Samsung has servers located all over the world, the data we collect may be stored outside your country of residence, including countries where the data protection laws may not be as comprehensive. By agreeing to provide us with this data, you expressly consent to this. (Depending on the type of your device, additional data charges may apply.) All diagnostic and usage data collected for this purpose will be aggregated in a manner that does not personally identify you or your device and retained for this analysis for 7 months. You may choose not to provide us with diagnostic and usage data, and such a decision will not impact the functionality or operation of your device in any way. You may choose to withdraw your consent at any time, through Settings on your device. By tapping on the “OK” button below, you hereby agree to (i) the automatic transmission of diagnostic and usage data and (ii) the collection, use, storage, sharing and disclosure by Samsung of diagnostic and usage data from your device for the purposes set out above.